[Programming Guide] Update Key Concepts page | O3DE Directory Structure [RESOLVES #1127] (#1484)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/welcome-guide/key-concepts.md

## High-level O3DE directories

There are two primary directories to be aware of with O3DE: The `o3de` directory, and the `.o3de` directory.

### `o3de`

{{< image-width "/images/welcome-guide/directory-o3de.png" "500" "The `o3de` source directory." >}}

The `o3de` directory contains O3DE's core, various tools including **O3DE Editor**, and available Gems and templates. Depending on how you installed O3DE, there are three variations of directories: 
- `o3de` -- if you cloned it from the `o3de` repository in GitHub.
- `o3de-development` -- if you downloaded the `development` as a ZIP folder from the `o3de` repository in GitHub. 
- `o3de/<version>` -- if you installed the O3DE binary by running the installer. 

`o3de` and `o3de-development` contain all of the source code that makes up O3DE's core, whereas the installed version, `o3de/<version>`, contains pre-built binaries to run O3DE and its tools.

When you begin to work in O3DE, you'll need to learn more about O3DE subdirectories in the [Programming](/docs/user-guide/programming/#o3de-directories) section. 

### `.o3de`

{{< image-width "/images/welcome-guide/directory-.o3de.png" "250" "The `.o3de` directory." >}}

> The `.o3de` directory contains the O3DE manifest and the default locations for third-party packages and user-created O3DE objects, such as Gems, projects, and templates. `.o3de` includes the following files and subdirectories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.o3de` directory contains the O3DE manifest, the default location for third-party packages, and other user-specific directories. `.o3de` includes the following files and subdirectories:
```

> - `/o3de_manifest.json`: 

Reviewer: Add an explanation for the O3DE manifest file.

- `/3rdParty`: The default directory for third-party libraries that are required to build some O3DE features. 

> - `/Gems`: The default directory for user-created Gems.
> - `/Projects` The default directory for user-created projects.
> - `/Templates`: The default directory for user-created templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### O3DE engine

{{< image-width "/images/welcome-guide/directory-o3de-engine.png" "500" "The O3DE engine directory." >}}

The O3DE engine directory contains O3DE's core engine, various tools including **O3DE Editor**, and the core Gems and templates. The directory name depends on how you install O3DE, but here are some common variations: 
- `o3de` -- if you cloned it from the `o3de` repository in GitHub.
- `o3de-development` -- if you downloaded the `development` branch as a ZIP folder from the `o3de` repository in GitHub. 
- `o3de/<version>` -- if you installed the O3DE binary by running the installer. 

A *source code directory*, such as `o3de` or `o3de-development` in the preceding example, contains all of the source code that makes up O3DE's core, whereas an *install directory*, such as `o3de/<version>`, contains pre-built binaries to run O3DE and its tools.

When you begin to work in O3DE, you'll need to learn more about O3DE subdirectories in the [Programming](/docs/user-guide/programming/#o3de-directories) section. 

### `O3DE`

> {{< image-width "/images/welcome-guide/directory-o3de-engine.png" "500" "The O3DE engine directory." >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< image-width "/images/welcome-guide/directory-o3de.png" "500" "The O3DE engine directory." >}}
```
